>> Will Sentance: One more interlude
before we see these other approaches to
sub-classing.
That interlude is this, we need to
know that we can control how we call
functions using other techniques besides
just grabbing the function's name and
sticking parentheses on the end of it,
which calls the function.
We can actually use a couple of
built-in tools to call a function and
take control inside of the function
execution context of the vis assignment.
Now, we saw that sort of
with an error function.
But we weren't taking control,
we were just saying,
don't have the vis be defined by
where the function's being called.
Happened to be defined the way
the function was first stored and saved.
I was gonna say controlled,
it was just being different.
This call and apply approach to executing
a function allows us to manually
control what inside of that
function the vis will refer to.
All right, folks, here we go.
Subclassing in Solution two.
We've just seen this.
Let's remind ourselves briefly,
what this did was give us an object,
paid user 1, that represents
someone who's so like a user,
but they're still got bonus properties and
bonus functionality.
They're very similar to a user.
They have name and score,
they have increment,
they have same name of the function,
but they also have an account balance.
They also have an increased
balance functionality.
We did that by having our paid user
one's proto link to paid user functions.
Remember, we did that when we kind of made
that object inside of paidUserCreator,
we said its prototype
to paidUser functions.
Well, sorry,
we ran the set prototype function,
which sets the proto to
paid user functions.
And then we said, but that means we'll
lose access to the user functions.
Don't worry, we set paid user functions,
own proto to user functions.
Where did we do that?
Set prototype paid user
functions to user functions.
Paid user functions to user functions.
This approach, people,
is I think the most sophisticated,
most sort of fancy thing you could do.
If someone in the interview said to you,
tell me how the new keywords working
under the hood with subclassing.
If some monstrous interviewer
asked you this, [LAUGH].
>> Will Sentance: You have
the exemplary answer.
But, in reality in your
day to day engineering.
You're gonna be automating
a bunch of this work.
First with the help of new,
that's our solution three and
then with the help of class
that is our solution four.
To understand those,
we're gonna need to learn this other
approach to executing a function.
Interlude, we have another way of running
a function that allows us to control
the assignment of this.
And even a warning, even right now,
I think it's worth kind
of seeing this ahead.
What's gonna happen, is that in
our new keyword version of this,
folk, we are again,
in creating our paid user, Alyssa 825,
we're going to use I
userCreator function to do so.
We're gonna use I userCreator
function to do so, but unlike
calling the userCreator function with
a new keyword which is gonna create this,
which we can attach our properties to.
We're gonna use user creator.call, that's
gonna call user creator, but we're gonna,
and this is the most brutal piece,
that's why I'm telling you this early.
This is the most brutal line of
code I think in all of hotpads, or
in the top three.
There's quite a few brutal lines of code
in hotpads, in the top three most brutal
lines of code in all of
JavaScript hotpads various talks.
This line here, we are going to run our
userCreate function to stick our name and
score properties on an object.
But that object is not gonna be the
auto-created one, but the new keyword God
is creating with user creator, but
instead one that we're going to make and
pass in using this cool method,
whose first argument,
first input Is always whatever this is
going to be inside of that function.
Don't worry, we're gonna build up to it,
we're gonna build up to it.
Starting off with this understanding
how call and apply work.
So that we can be use them
in the following exam.
So I want to give you a preview, we gonna
use this to make our new solution three,
and new key word version of
sub classing actually work.